README.md, before:

# Import dpa-digitalwires via wireQ-API to Wordpress CMS

This repository shows how to import dpa-articles to Wordpress via a plugin which is based on the wireQ-API.

## Setup

- Copy the plugin folder to `wp-content/plugins/dpa-digitalwires-to-wordpress`
- Activate plugin in the WP-admin-dashboard
- Add your wireQ-Endpoint to the plugin's settings and tick the "active"-checkbox

**[Details](https://github.com/dpa-newslab/dpa-digitalwires-wireq-wordpress-plugin/wiki/Plugin-Setup)**

## Wordpress cronjobs

This plugin uses WP-Cron which has some drawbacks (e.g. to work properly, regular site visits are required). 

To setup a real cronjob use your system's task scheduler to trigger wp-cron.php as specified [in the Wordpress-documentation](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/cron/hooking-wp-cron-into-the-system-task-scheduler/).

## Customization

To customize the imported article modify [post_process_post](https://github.com/dpa-newslab/dpa-digitalwires-wireq-wordpress-plugin/blob/main/includes/converter.php#L227).

Commit message:

Add config options and web components, some bugfixes

README.md, after:

# Import dpa-digitalwires via wireQ-API to Wordpress CMS

This repository shows how to import dpa-articles to Wordpress via a plugin which is based on the wireQ-API.

## Setup

- Copy the plugin folder to `wp-content/plugins/dpa-digitalwires-to-wordpress`
- Activate plugin in the WP-admin-dashboard
- Add your wireQ-Endpoint to the plugin's settings and tick the "active"-checkbox

**[Details](https://github.com/dpa-newslab/dpa-digitalwires-wireq-wordpress-plugin/wiki/Plugin-Setup)**

## Wordpress cronjobs

This plugin uses WP-Cron which has some drawbacks (e.g. to work properly, regular site visits are required). 

To setup a real cronjob use your system's task scheduler to trigger wp-cron.php as specified [in the Wordpress-documentation](https://developer.wordpress.org/plugins/cron/hooking-wp-cron-into-the-system-task-scheduler/).

## Embeds

The plugin imports Web Components contained in dpa-articles as HTML. Therefore needed HTML-tags are allowed. To render the components you have to define them. This could be done by loading [dnl_embeds.js](https://github.com/dpa-newslab/dpa-digitalwires-embeds) in your template. You can directly use the [pre-built dnl_embeds.js](https://github.com/dpa-newslab/dpa-digitalwires-embeds/blob/main/dist/js/dnl_embeds.js). For details on how to add scripts to a theme please refer to the [Wordpress-documentation](https://developer.wordpress.org/themes/basics/including-css-javascript/#enqueuing-scripts-and-styles).

## Customization

To customize the imported article modify [post_process_post](https://github.com/dpa-newslab/dpa-digitalwires-wireq-wordpress-plugin/blob/main/includes/converter.php#L227).
